                               FINAL EXAM (PORTFOLIO )
 Q1: What is Resume?
ANS :A resume is a formal document that a job applicant creates to itemize their 
     qualifications for a position. A resume is usually accompanied by a customized cover
     letter in which the applicant expresses an interest in a specific job or company and
     draws attention to the most relevant specifics on the resume.

Q2: What is Portfolio?
ANS:A portfolio is an organized, visual collection of a person's progress, achievements,
    and efforts that demonstrates his/her accomplishments. The collection is a marketing
    tool aimed at potential employers that includes work samples and personal feedback on them.

Q3: What is the difference between a Resume and Portfolio?
ANS:Portfolios are much more detailed than resumes and require a larger time investment to create.
    While a resume is one or two pages long at most, a portfolio is usually presented in a professional,
    3-ring binder allowing for an in-depth showcasing of your experience and skills.

Q4: What are things which an individual should avoid while creating a resume?
ANS: There are many individual should avoid while creating a resume for exmaples.
   1 Grammatical Errors.
   2 Lack of Specifics. 
   3 Attempting the "One–Size–Fits–All" Approach. 
   4 Highlighting Duties Instead of Accomplishments. 
   5 Going on Too Long or Cutting Things Too Short. 
   6 Bad Summary. 
   7 No Action Verbs. 
   8 Leaving Off Important Information.

Q5: Mention the name of the final project and mention its 5 functionalities?
ANS:The name of final project is grocery store and its functionalites are
  1. You can add new user
  2. YOU can sign in or sign out.
  3. You can see the items and also buy from this.
  4. you can add add new items their.
  5. You can delete the items .

Q6: Is your final project is Full Stack project?
ANS : YES

Q7: What are more functionalities you can add to your final project?
ANS: We can add any functionalites in our final porject which we want.For exmple,
     custmor feedback, suggestions from cliets, slide show for the upcomimg items etc.

Q8: What is AJAX?
ANS:AJAX stands for Asynchronous JavaScript And XML. In a nutshell, it is the use of
    the XMLHttpRequest object to communicate with servers. It can send and receive information
    in various formats, including JSON, XML, HTML, and text files.

Q9: What are REST Services?
ANS :REST is used to build web services that are lightweight, maintainable, and scalable in nature.
     More and more applications are moving to the Restful architecture. This is because there 
     are a lot of people now using mobile devices and a wider variety of applications moving to 
     the cloud.

Q10: How does GET service works?
ANS :Get-Service gets all the services on the computer and sends the objects down the pipeline.
     The Where-Object cmdlet, selects only the services with a Status property that equals Running.
      Status is only one property of service objects. To see all of the properties, type Get-Service | Get-Member .